Configure CMake build to install content into toolchain (#581)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/CMakeLists.txt

# See http://swift.org/LICENSE.txt for license information
# See http://swift.org/CONTRIBUTORS.txt for Swift project authors

set(SwiftTesting_MACRO "<auto>" CACHE STRING
    "Path to SwiftTesting macro plugin, or '<auto>' for automatically building it")

if(SwiftTesting_MACRO STREQUAL "<auto>")
  # Macros must be built for the build machine, not the host.
  include(ExternalProject)
  if(NOT SwiftTesting_MACRO_MAKE_PROGRAM)
    set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_MAKE_PROGRAM ${CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM})
  endif()
  if(NOT SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_COMPILER)
    set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_COMPILER ${CMAKE_Swift_COMPILER})
  endif()
  if(NOT SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_FLAGS)

>     set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_FLAGS ${CMAKE_Swift_FLAGS})

Reviewer: What flags are you hoping to pull here?
This seems risky given that these flags might be for an entirely different machine than the one the macros will build for/run on.

Author: This is actually a leftover from when I was trying around. Let me remove this as a followup.

  set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_INSTALL_PREFIX "${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/plugin")

  ExternalProject_Add(TestingMacros
    PREFIX "tm"
    SOURCE_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/TestingMacros"
    BUILD_ALWAYS ON
    CMAKE_ARGS
      -DCMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_MAKE_PROGRAM}
      -DCMAKE_Swift_COMPILER=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_COMPILER}
      -DCMAKE_Swift_FLAGS=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_FLAGS}
      -DCMAKE_Swift_FLAGS_RELEASE=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_FLAGS_RELEASE}
      -DCMAKE_Swift_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_Swift_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO}
      -DCMAKE_AR=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_AR}
      -DCMAKE_RANLIB=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_RANLIB}
      -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=${CSwiftTesting_MACRO_BUILD_TYPE}
      -DSwiftTesting_BuildMacrosAsExecutables=${SwiftTesting_BuildMacrosAsExecutables}
      -DSwiftSyntax_DIR=${SwiftSyntax_DIR}
      -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_INSTALL_PREFIX})

  # Hardcode the known file names based on system name as a workaround since
  # TestingMacros uses `ExternalProject` and we cannot directly query the
  # properties of its targets here.
  if(NOT SwiftTesting_BuildMacrosAsExecutables)

>     if(CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME STREQUAL "Darwin")

Reviewer 2: Should these not be checking `CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_NAME`?

        DESTINATION lib/swift/host/plugins/testing)
    elseif(CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_NAME STREQUAL "Linux")
      set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_INSTALL_PREFIX}/lib/libTestingMacros.so")
      install(PROGRAMS "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH}"
        DESTINATION lib/swift/host/plugins)
    elseif(CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_NAME STREQUAL "Windows")
      set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_INSTALL_PREFIX}/bin/TestingMacros.dll")
      install(PROGRAMS "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH}"
        DESTINATION bin)
    else()
      message(FATAL_ERROR "Unable to determine the library name for TestingMacros based on system name: ${CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_NAME}")
    endif()
  else()
    if(CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_NAME STREQUAL "Windows")
      set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_INSTALL_PREFIX}/bin/TestingMacros.exe")
    else()
      set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_INSTALL_PREFIX}/bin/TestingMacros")
    endif()
  endif()
elseif(SwiftTesting_MACRO)
  # Use the passed-in plugin path.
  set(SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH "${SwiftTesting_MACRO}")
  add_custom_target(TestingMacros DEPENDS "${SwiftTesting_MACRO_PATH}")
else()

>   # If it's excplicitly "NO", do not compile the libray with macros.

Reviewer 3: Minor typos that can be fixed if there is need to iterate on other changes.

```suggestion
  # If it's explicitly "NO", do not compile the library with macros.
```

    -DCMAKE_AR=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_AR}
    -DCMAKE_RANLIB=${SwiftTesting_MACRO_RANLIB}
    -DSwiftTesting_BuildMacrosAsExecutables=${SwiftTesting_BuildMacrosAsExecutables}
    -DSwiftSyntax_DIR=${SwiftSyntax_DIR}
    -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<INSTALL_DIR>)
ExternalProject_Get_Property(TestingMacros BINARY_DIR)
ExternalProject_Get_Property(TestingMacros INSTALL_DIR)

include(AvailabilityDefinitions)
include(CompilerSettings)
add_subdirectory(_TestingInternals)
add_subdirectory(Testing)

if(NOT SwiftTesting_BuildMacrosAsExecutables)
  # Hardcode the known library names based on system name as a workaround since
  # TestingMacros uses `ExternalProject` and we cannot directly query the
  # properties of its targets here.
  if("${CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME}" STREQUAL "Darwin")
    install(PROGRAMS "${INSTALL_DIR}/lib/libTestingMacros.dylib"
      DESTINATION lib/swift/host/plugins)
  elseif("${CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME}" STREQUAL "Linux")
    install(PROGRAMS "${INSTALL_DIR}/lib/libTestingMacros.so"
      DESTINATION lib/swift/host/plugins)
  elseif("${CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME}" STREQUAL "Windows")
    # In Windows toolchain, TestingMacros.dll is installed from seprate CMake 

>     # buikd, just for the macros.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    # build, just for the macros.
```
